README.md, before:


It's all about your visions, and helping them to become also ours

### Purposes

Back your visions with tools, competency, debate, experience and friendship

#### Enthusiasm and Quality

Those two rarely come together, but if you can afford the price of sharing your
idea, many heads can make it real!

#### Innovate

Yes, innovate. Sometimes it's just too hard to do that in companies or
universities, they already have their schemas and they cannot afford to fail.
It's also difficult to do that alone, since too many different skills are
needed. So here we are.

### Principles

#### Hands on

#### Everything can be discussed

And changed

#### No barriers

As far as we can eliminate them

#### Everyone is empowered, and responsible

If there is something wrong, then help us to improve it. If we are not
providing you the right means, you should get them

#### Multiplicity and variety is normal and welcome

You should be willing to learn several languages, but still stick to one in
order to allow everyone to understand

#### This is a place for sharing

This means we don't have any reason to hide anything produced for this group by
its members.  If we will collect some software, it will be free software. This
applies to icons, guides, videos, and all deliverables.

Commit message:

less is more, and some adjustments here and there

README.md, after:


It's all about your visions, and helping to communicate them

### Purposes

Back your visions with tools, competency, debate, experience and friendship

#### Enthusiasm and Quality

Those two rarely come together, but if you can afford the price of sharing your
idea, many heads can make it real!

#### Innovate

Yes, innovate and invent. Sometimes it's just too hard to do that in companies
or universities, they already have their schemas and they cannot afford to
fail. It's also difficult to do that alone, since too many different skills
are needed. So here we are.

### Principles

#### Hands on

#### Everything can be discussed

And changed

#### No barriers

As far as we are able to eliminate them

#### Everyone is empowered, and responsible

If there is something wrong, then help us to improve it. If we are not
providing you the right means, just ask for it.

#### Multiplicity and variety is normal and welcome

You should be willing to learn several languages, but still stick to a common
one in order to allow everyone to understand

#### This is a place for sharing

This means that we don't have any reason to hide anything produced for this
group by its members. If we will collect some software, it will be free
software. This applies to icons, guides, videos, and all deliverables.

#### Less is more

Essentiality and conciseness, while not showy, are precious. They will allow
more people to be able to receive your message, and more people to be able to
express their message.

In an information visualization group, we are going to talk about complex
topics. If you are having an hard time trying to fit some arguments in a text,
probably it will not be understood anyway by many readers.

So let's not twist ourselves into endless debates or posts, and let's try to
build an environment, and meeting opportunities, that will allow us to talk
directly in person and concretely with the tools about the most intricate
issues.
